---
title: '3FORWARDSLASH6 Meeting Notes - T3'
layout: post
description : Automatically Populated Github Issue
---

## NEW TEAM MEMBERS
- Kevin
- Haoxuan
- Ryan
- Edwin
- Aaron
- Isabelle

## Sub-teams (Triangles! ((sort of)))

Teams will be TEMPORARY for now because we have uneven numbers. (5 to 8)

### Team 1
| Name | Role |
| --- | --- |
| Aiden | Subteam Leader/Frontend lead/sass god/some backend |
| Ishi | Frontend |
| Ekam | Backend |

### Team 2
| Name | Role |
| --- | --- |
| Aiden | Subteam Leader/Frontend lead/sass god/some backend |
| Ryan | Full stack developer!! |
| Edwin | Frontend |

### Team 3
| Name | Role |
| --- | --- |
| Drew | Subteam Leader/Fully stacked ðŸ˜±  |
| Raymond | Full stack developer |
| Haoxuan | Backend |
| AJ | Full stack developer |

### Team 4
| Name | Role |
| --- | --- |
| Toby | Subteam Leader/DevOps/Backend/Websocket/Branches/Maintainer |
| Isabelle | Backend |
| Aaron | Frontend |
| Kevin | coding? |

## Overview of current project (NIGHTHAWK RESOURCES)

> Canvas, but better!

### Features:

* Class rosters
* Table generator and seating charts
* Assignments
* QR Code generator for stats projects
* Stapplet copy but better

## Implements from previous projects

* Edwin Lessons!
   - Ryan assist! He game
* Isabelle and Kevin will implement job search features in the form on creating a resume builder and a video call zoom class???????

## Current assignments

* Debugging issue from in class sent to AIDEN (ME!)
   - [Example](https://github.com/aidenhuynh/Epic_CSA/issues/5)
* PREPARE FOR DEBUGGING EVENT ON THURSDAY!!!!!!!!!!!
* Subteam 1 wireframes for the new features
* Subteam 2 will be lessening it out!
* Subteam 3 fix and deploy backend, authentication working
* Subteam 4 STAPPLTET RAAAAAH

